Hi again! This is very hard to solve. Anyway,
this is the question for exercise 98.
You have to create a program that asks the user to submit text through a graphical user interface.
Let me show you how this interface looks like, and all the details of how the program works.
This is a graphical user interface and it has three buttons an Add line, Safe changes, and a Save and close
button.
And it also has an entry text box where the user will enter the text.
Let's say first line in here. If the user wants to add the line to the text file it presses add line
and the text box empties.
So it's clears off and the user can enter more text lines in there.
However at this point to you as a programmer you haven't created, you haven't added the lines to a text
file yet.
If you want to do that you want to press save changes and then you see you have to create this, not that.
This
user_gui file.
So this is the first line.
Now if the user wants
to enter more lines, second line, I have a typo there.
Third line maybe, add line, save changes, and the lines are added instantly
in the text file when the user presses save changes.
And lastly if the user wants to close the program and just say save and close, and the program stops,
and the text file is there, and you can of course execute the program again.
Fourth line, add line, save and close.
Fourth line is added there. So yeah, it's a bit complex but try to build it as much as you can.
Hope you enjoy this and I'll talk to you later.